feat(curriculum): Add A1 Spanish Module The Alphabet and Special Characters (#62719)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-consonants-and-special-characters/68efe5645c5ef92f345cce87.md

---
id: 68efe5645c5ef92f345cce87
title: Task 2
challengeType: 24
dashedName: task-2
---

<!-- (Audio) Julieta: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n ñ o p q r s t u v w x y z -->

# --description--

In this lesson, you will listen to the full alphabet in Spanish. Try to repeat the sounds until you feel more familiar with them. We will cover these letters in more detail in the next lessons.

# --assignment--

> Listen to the audio and practice pronouncing each letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've listened to the audio and practiced pronouncing each letter.
```

---
id: 68efe5645c5ef92f345cce87
title: Task 2
challengeType: 24
dashedName: task-2
lang: es
---

<!-- (Audio) Julieta: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n ñ o p q r s t u v w x y z -->

# --description--

> In this lesson, you will listen to the full alphabet in Spanish. Try to repeat the sounds until you feel more familiar with them. We will cover these letters in more detail in the next lessons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this lesson, you will listen to the full alphabet in Spanish. Try to repeat the sounds until you feel more familiar with them. You will learn these letters in more detail in the next lessons.
```

Reviewer 2: We need to use `you` instead of `we` in the whole curriculum, right?
